Large docs refactor (#11641)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/importing-private-repositories.rst

After importing your project the build will fail,
because Read the Docs doesn't have access to clone your repository.

> To give access, you'll need to add your project's public SSH key to your Git provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give Read the Docs access to your repository, add your project's public SSH key to your Git provider.
```
